[DOCS] Update runbook-vet-center-name-change.md (#14281)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-cms: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/runbook-vet-center-name-change.md

- [ ] 4. Verify which Vet Center it belongs to, and confirm that the "Main Vet Center Location" field is set correctly.

**If a Vet Center**

***CASE: Renamed, but named after a person, not a location***

> - [ ] 5. The new official name no longer matches the pattern "<location> Vet Center" so you need to change the common name to align with the <location> naming convention. (Generally this will already be the previous name and you may not need to change anything? plz verify)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] 5. The new official name no longer matches the pattern "<location> Vet Center" so you need to change the common name to align with the <location> naming convention if it does not already.
```

- [ ] Confirm on the Front-end that the <location> naming convention is the h1 followed by a "also known as" with the named-after-person name.

**Proceed to step 10**

***CASE: Renamed, but still location-based naming convention***

- [ ] 5. In the [Sections taxonomy](https://prod.cms.va.gov/admin/structure/taxonomy/manage/administration/overview), Vet Centers: rename the Section for this Vet Center to match its new name

> - [ ] 6. If the new official name matches the pattern "<city> Vet Center", update the common name to match **Does this have to happen? I thought we could leave this blank? Plz confirm**

Reviewer: The common name is a required field and must be completed in order for a human to save the node 
![image](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-cms/assets/5752113/7a8af11d-3190-46b6-83e5-339e42e7eb82)

The FE bases its logic to show the "aka" if these two fields have different values.

Reviewer 2: It's not added as a suggestion, but I recommend removing "**Does this have to happen? I thought we could leave this blank? Plz confirm**"

> - [ ] 6. If the new official name matches the pattern "<city> Vet Center", update the common name to match **Does this have to happen? I thought we could leave this blank? Plz confirm**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] 6. If the new official name matches the pattern "<city> Vet Center", update the common name to match.
```

- [ ] 7. Visit [bulk operations](https://prod.cms.va.gov/admin/content/bulk) page and filter by section = vet center name
- [ ] 8. Update URLs for all content in that section by bulk operations
- [ ] 9. Resave all content in that section by bulk operations

> **Do we need to do some sort of bulk update to any CAPs names?**
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I tested it out, CAPs get renamed and re-aliased as part of steps 7-9 above.  No extra effort required.
